(upbeat music)
- Hello and welcome to another episode of Drops Aligned.
This is the bit of club fish where we talk about
the facts and the complaints and the comments
and everything that you have sent in to us.
We've been monitoring the inbox like crazy
and we've had some beautiful correspondence
about all the stuff we've said recently.
So, should we start off with a quick correction?
- Yeah, I don't.
- Okay, this is from Kate and Kate Rimes.
- Kate with a K.
- Okay.
- Correction with a C.
- Correction also with a K.
- Oh.
- Hopefully not a third K.
- No, okay, anyway.
Just catching up on some old episodes,
needing to correct, I'm sorry, Dan.
Dan's fact, in episode 435.
- Yeah.
- 22 inches is not an enormous head.
(laughing)
- Oh, no.
- Oh, okay.
- Oh, God.
- George Eliot.
- Yeah, she says, "My head is 24 and a half inches
and no one has ever stopped me in the street to say,
"Oh my God, you have a big head.
"Although it is true,
"I have never been able to buy a woman's hat."
(laughing)
- She's still allowed to buy it.
I think I said on the show that my head was bigger
than George Eliot's.
I think I'd measured my head
and said it was a couple of inches bigger on the day.
- You are huge.
- I do and I can't get Christmas cracker hats
to fit my head.
- Really?
- And in fact, it's a really sad moment
every Christmas in the Harkin household
because all of the Harkins have enormous heads.
And so every year we pull crackers
and then we have these hats that no one can fit on
and they just get a punch at the very top.
And then one year my mum managed to find
extra-large hat crackers.
- That's great.
That exists.
- It was like it's a wonderful life.
(laughing)
- I'm in tears imagining the scene.
- Look, can I just say to Kate with a C?
- With a K.
- With a K?
That's, it's not like I generated this fact.
I didn't look at the size of her head and go,
"I've discovered she has a massive head."
Someone took her on a train to London from rural England
to have it measured because he said, "This is massive."
And then when she got there,
the person who measures head went,
"Yeah, that's a massive head."
This is historically agreed upon as a massive head.
And I apologize that she can't find a hat that fits.
- Yeah.
- You don't need to apologize for that.
That's not your fault.
- I was just trying to sort of--
- You don't control the hat industry?
- I'm not angry at her.
- Okay, yeah, yeah.
I don't think she's angry at you.
I don't think anyone's, yeah, yeah.
- We're cool.
Kate, we're cool.
- We're all cool, definitely.
- Cool with a K.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Oh, no, it's the three Ks.
(laughing)
- All right, here's another one.
This is from an anonymous listener.
- Yeah.
- That does not bode well, does it?
- Actually, they gave their name,
but they then asked later on for their name
to be withheld from broadcast.
- Oh, interesting.
- Interesting, yeah.
- That is a celebrity.
- I don't think so.
- Okay.
- Right, a message for Dan.
I'm a long-time fish listener.
- Thank you.
- And was listening to you rave about the future
of breakfast buffet technology
on the latest podcast episode.
- Yes.
- I regret to inform you that such machines
are not the future,
and have, I believe, been around since 1971,
at least according to this patent website,
a fascinating explanation of bread-pumping machines.
- Can you remind us what the machine was?
- Okay, so I was in Italy,
and I went to the--
- Four-star.
- Four-star, never doing that again.
It's a star, it's a big dip down from the seven-star
I stayed in, in Turkey.
And basically, they had a croissant machine
where it was kind of like when you go to a pub
and they pull pints.
It was, what you would do is you'd stick your croissant
into a pipe, and then they would inject maybe Nutella
or jam or something on the inside.
Now, okay, I can see what they're saying.
It's patented, sorry, patented.
Oh, how do I say that?
- It's tough, isn't it?
Where's that N going?
- Do you use the word ten in the middle?
- Patented.
- Flawless.
- Yeah.
- Patented invention in the '70s,
but when was it?
(all laughing)
- You were working so hard on patented.
- But when's it been applied to real life?
- Well, listen.
- Because none of us had heard of it.
- The first time our correspondent saw one was in 2000
as they were a norm in Slovak bakeries
where I lived, just lived.
- Lived in a bakery.
- Resume works.
But anyway, our correspondent also writes,
and I'm not giving away any details about them,
I also used to work at a crispy cream factory, okay,
where we use these machines.
Every night shift, we made thousands of donuts,
most filled, right, filled donuts.
You grab one in each hand and push them simultaneously
into the machine needles,
which shoot out the filling from a tub.
The tub, incidentally, is refilled by hand,
ungloved, as is all of the donut making.
(all laughing)
- Yeah, but it's not refilled.
What, by the way, we're scooping the actual bare hands
into a big tub of jam.
- That's why they're called crispy creams,
it's all fingernails.
(all laughing)
- We scooped out the cream, strawberry jam,
and other fillings with our bare hands.
A bit gross at first, but after a while,
you don't think about it.
This is why our correspondent didn't want to be named.
From a giant meter high container,
a meter high container of jam,
and put it into the tub,
and then for a minimum wage, well, for that wage,
we pumped these at a rate of about one pump,
two donuts per second.
- Amazing, that's pretty cool.
- And our KPI, the sort of thing you're aiming at,
is to complete a full trolley of 384 donuts
in under 15 minutes, two seconds per two donuts.
- Wow. - Can I just say
that I'm pretty sure that crispy cream these days,
in all of its places where it works,
has got extremely high hygiene standards.
- Stop trying to get freebies, crispy cream, freebies, okay?
- I think it's just trying to not be sued.
- Freebies? - Yeah.
- All right, do you want to hear about leaving children?
Oh, leaving children at the thing?
- The cinema? - The cinema, oh yeah, okay.
- In the cloakroom, it's not as you go to see a film
and leave your kid behind.
- I did in fact, not too long ago,
which is sad that-- - The damn heavy drop is alive.
- In Melbourne, there was a cinema that operated
where you left your child in a sort of cloakroom
in their pram, and you took a ticket,
and then when you were watching the film,
if the kid was awake and crying,
your number would flash up on the screen
to let you know to go and to help, yeah.
- Okay, so two people got in touch and said,
"That cinema in Melbourne was called The Sun."
That cinema is run by a guy called Michael Smith,
who's a legend.
Michael Smith has flown around the world in a seaplane.
- Okay. - Michael Smith is a really cool guy.
He's always having amazing adventures.
And then we've got another email in the e-box
from one Michael Smith.
- No! - Yeah.
- It's got a common name, though,
so is it something completely different?
- No, it's Michael of The Sun in Melbourne.
- That's great.
- Yeah, and he said, "When we bought The Cinema in the '90s,
"it was derelict and had been closed for nearly 20 years.
"During the rebuild, we planned to include
"the pram room idea.
"They wanted to bring it back,
"so they were thwarted by red tape."
- That sounds like a supervillain.
Red tape.
(laughing)
- That's it.
- And so anyway, that's Michael.
But we got loads of correspondence from other people
who remember this happening in the UK,
the baby leaving thing.
So Ben Wright says, "Buttlands, holiday camps in the UK,
"buttlands, big chain of holiday camps,
"if you're not listening to Breton,
"they used to have a system
"that would alert people to baby crying in a Chalet X."
Right, so you were at the bar,
you'd left your child in the cottage
or the house you were staying in,
and there would be a light-up thing at the bar
saying there's a baby crying there,
and they would have people patrolling Buttlands,
listening for crying babies.
- Wow. - And they would radio into the bar,
and the bar would put it up on the screen.
- That's great. - And you'd see
and you'd go back.
- But can I put a quick calling out to our listeners?
This was something I couldn't verify,
but I was told it by someone,
and this supposedly happened in America.
In cinemas, they would have,
children would go to see the movies,
and they would be watching the film,
and then their parents would call in
from home to the cinema.
And on the screen, it would say,
"Michael Smith, your mother's called,
"you need to get home." - Where'd you go?
Where'd you put that name up?
(all laughing)
- And so then the child would know to go home
during the movie if they were needed.
And I couldn't find that anywhere,
which is what led me to discovering
the Sun Theatre in Melbourne.
- Did you say USA? - Yeah, exactly.
So anyone in America listening,
if you've ever heard of this,
I'd love to find out if it's true.
- So let me halfway through the movie,
you get told it's your bedtime,
you'll have to leave,
and you miss the end of the movie.
- If you're needed for dinner,
or if you're needed just to get home
for whatever reason.
- Yeah, way to ruin a kid's reputation.
Imagine how embarrassing.
- It depends what you're putting on the screen.
You could say it's time for your fungus application.
(all laughing)
- Cream. - Yeah.
- When I was a kid, I used to,
I would play football outside,
and then my parents would tell me to come in for bed.
And then I would climb out of the window of my bedroom
and go outside and play football in my pajamas.
- How do you fit your huge head out of the bedroom window?
- So many times the fire brigade were cold.
(all laughing)
Can I tell you something that someone tweeted me?
This is from Tom Diel, I suppose it's Delsiel,
but I suppose it's pronounced Diel.
Do you remember, Andy,
you mentioned a particular movie about dancing in America.
- The Shag.
- The Shag. - The Shag dance, yeah.
- And there was a movie called Shag,
and at the end they have a big Shag Off
to see who's the best Shagger.
It's called Shag.
But Tom Diel sent me a photo from 1989
of his local cinema in Muir End in Glasgow,
and it had three films on that weekend.
The first one was Big with Tom Hanks.
The second one was Roman Polanski's Frantic,
and the third one was the movie Shag.
And on the sides it just says Big Frantic Shag.
- Beautiful.
- That's the best day of that cinema in my life.
- It's so good.
- It's good, isn't it?
- God, that's amazing.
- Yeah.
- Okay, we've had an email from a Hollywood producer.
- Oh yeah?
- I mean, yes.
- Here we go.
- James Cameron.
- Full nudity.
Fine.
(all laughing)
It was you guys.
- You won't do it unless there's full nudity of all.
- So he's called Quentin Plock, brilliant name.
- What a name.
- And it's just a quick note regarding one of Dan's
quote mark facts from the end of the Shirley Temple segment.
Unfair, 'cause it's actually not a complaint.
But Quentin is a producer in Los Angeles
and sent the rules for, you remember baby actors,
you know the Shirley Temple thing?
- Oh yeah.
- And there's this whole chart.
Look, I'll show it to you here.
It's how long minors are allowed to be on set.
Okay, and it's really complicated,
depending on the--
- This is an audio format.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, at home, just imagine a chart.
- If anything, it was less exciting in the room
than it was for you guys at home to hear.
- At least you guys had the potential of thinking
this might be a good chart.
- Yeah.
- So if you're between 15 days and six months old,
you're only allowed to be working for 20 minutes.
And then you need now 40 minutes of R and R, you know.
And also, okay, here's a quiz for you guys.
Newborns are sometimes referred to as bagels on set.
Can you guess why?
- Full of cream cheese.
- No.
- Yes, exactly.
- They're covered in what?
- They're covered in cream cheese and jam.
And it's to simulate the fluids
you're covered in when you're born.
- Oh, really?
- What?
- Yeah, kind of cream cheese.
- What the hell?
- I'm sorry I took so long to reply,
'cause I just can't believe that you got it in one.
- What?
- Yeah, 'cause they don't put--
- Like the verniks kind of thing.
- Like the verniks, the sort of weird cheesy stuff
you're covered in when you come out of the room.
Yeah, yeah.
- Wow.
- And that's why they're called bagels.
- Yum.
- 'Cause they're covered in cream cheese and jam.
- Was there any logic to you picking that?
- Well, it's what you're getting bagels.
- Bagels?
- Oh, yeah.
(laughing)
- The logic is the same logic weirdly that they're using.
- Okay, it's weirdly less impressive now that I know that.
- It was a hard time to follow.
- You've seen behind the scenes.
- Well, so has Quentin Plock offered to put us in a movie?
- I have written back and offered our services.
- Go ahead, you gotta send your next Plockbuster.
- Hey.
- Thank you very much.
(laughing)
- Dan also available for script writing.
- There we go.
- Hey, can I show you a discovery of mine for this week?
- Is this another visual?
- No, it's not a visual actually.
I've discovered that there's a website
that's been transcribing every single one of our episodes.
So you can have it as a written transcript.
- That's really useful.
- Is there really?
- They're really useful.
- So yeah, so it's podgist.com.
And then, so that's podcast transcripts.
But if you put in no such thing as a fish transcripts
into Google, you'll find it.
It's not the greatest of...
- Transcripts.
(all laughing)
- So I've just taken down a few of the introductions
just to give you an idea of how the transcribing comes out.
So hello and welcome to another episode.
No such thing as a fish.
My name is Dam Shriver.
I'm sitting here with addictives
since King Andrew Hunter, Murray and Jeans Oregon.
(all laughing)
And once again, we have, so that's one.
My name is Dead and Shriver.
I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter,
Marie Amiturkinsky and Joy.
(all laughing)
Miss Harkin.
And then welcome.
And this is an episode that I wasn't on.
This is when Tim Harford came on.
So my name is Anna Tushit Ski.
(all laughing)
And I'm here with James Aitian.
Want and our very special guest, Tim Harford.
So it's...
- That is how we introduce that one.
- Yes.
(all laughing)
- I'm sitting here with an addition skiing.
Andrew events, unmarried and James Harkin.
(all laughing)
I think maybe all future episodes,
I'll just do an intro from a previous episode.
- Oh my God.
- Tushitski.
- It's like the opening of "Forty Towers"
every time when they rearrange.
(all laughing)
- Oh, that's great.
- That's great.
- Do you wanna hear a fact of the...
- One last fact.
This is kind of a slow burn effect,
but I think it's brilliant.
It's from a listener called David Childs,
who was researching lakes.
Good thing to do.
- Yeah.
- Limnologist.
There's a lake on Ontario.
- Ontario.
It's a place called Heart Lake, right?
And there's a lake next door to Heart Lake
called Teapot Lake, right?
- Yeah.
- And David was researching Teapot Lake
and found out that it is a specific kind of lake
caused by the melting of glaciers
which creates an indentation in the earth, right?
And that is known as a cattle lake.
So Teapot Lake is a cattle lake.
- Very nice.
Isn't that great?
What's Heart Lake got to do with this, generally?
- It's just more famous, I guess.
It's a bigger lake.
- It was David's way into how we found out about Teapot Lake.
- It's the only way you can get to Teapot Lake.
It's through the heart.
- Oh.
- It's a nice note to end on.
Anyway, thank you, David, for that lovely fact.
It's a great fact.
- Yeah.
- All right, bye.
(laughing)
- It feels more and more natural every week when you do it.
- Do you want to tell people what to do
if they have any quiggles or anything like that?
- Okay, that's it for this drop of the line.
If you would like to get in touch,
or send us a fact or a comment or bonus info,
we love hearing extra stuff about whether it's the Sun Theatre
or whether it's about bagels or donuts or whatever it is.
It's so interesting to hear.
All you have to do is email podcast@qi.com
or we're all on Twitter,
apart from Anna, if you have an individual comment too.
- And we have a group Twitter account @NoSuchThing.
- We certainly do.
- And we aren't mastered on yet.
- Not yet, but it's only a matter of time.
I set us up on Truth Social.
I hope you guys don't mind.
(laughing)
And just one last thing.
You can also get to our Discord,
the super secret bonus bit of club fish
where you can chat about the show,
swap theories about what we might be doing right now,
exchange your own facts.
It's a really fun place to be.
And we're there, we pop in and we monitor the chat sometimes
and say hello.
Dan, you've been doing that, I think, Dan.
(laughing)
- One of us does, one of us does.
- And you can get that.
If you're listening to this,
you can get that by going to
nosuchthingsafish.com/fishcord.
So we do hope that some of you will be seeing down there.
All right, that's it.
- Andy, why don't you take us out
by reading how a transcript ends a regular show.
- Oh yeah.
- So thank you so much for listening.
- Thank you so much for listening.
If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
about the things that we have set
over the course of this podcast,
we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
I'm on Shriverland.
Andy at under 100 M.
J Matt, James Hyakon, and Anna.
You can email putcost@you.
I don't come yet, but you can go to our group,
which is that no such thing or website.
Come back here next week.
We will be here waiting for you with another episode.
We'll see them good.
Bye.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)